Update language on Semtech versions (#1614)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/hardware/devices/index.mdx

:::info

> - We recommend devices that use the newer Semtech SX1262 due to improved performance. Avoid the previous-generation Semtech SX1276.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If possible, we recommend choosing devices equipped with the newer Semtech SX1262, as it offers improved performance compared to the SX1276.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also change "SX1262" into "SX126x series" and "SX1276" into "SX127x series".

Reviewer: updated the suggestion
